There's a tale as old as time about the man in the red striped shirt named Waldo. He roams this universe, in search of something unknown. I'd been trying to find him for years. A man like him, he can do almost anything. I needed his help. You see, it was my wife. She was very sick, likely wouldn't make it through the year. He could help, I knew he could. I just had to find him first. I got close once, at a beach in southern Florida. They say that wherever he goes, chaos follows. Paintings come to life, animals escape their enclosures. That's how I knew he was at the beach that day. It was set to be the hottest day of the summer, the weather perfect. Naturally, it would be busy. I brought along my friends, Paul and Gary. They both thought I was insane. They only came to pity me because of my wife. But I knew the truth. He was out there. I had to find him. We took Paul's sailboat to the beach and as I predicted, the beach was crazy busy. Too busy. I knew he was there. We put the boat in the water and pushed off shore. Gary handed me my binoculars and I began my search. You may be asking yourself, why would we go out on a boat if we were trying to find a man on shore? It's a reasonable question, and the answer's fairly simple. If the man in the red striped shirt was truly out there, then the beach would soon descend into chaos. That's when I noticed it. It had begun. There were giant balls being thrown everywhere. Typical for a beach, maybe. But balls of that size? No. It was the work of Waldo. A big inflatable boat had crashed onto shore, people were making a human pyramid. It was bound to go wrong. But where was he? We were there for hours, Paul, Gary, and I. We saw lots of things, but no sign of the man in the red striped shirt. It was getting dark out, and the beach began to clear out. Paul decided it was time to leave. I begged and pleaded to stay, because we had to find him. We had to save my wife. Paul and Gary had looks of pity on their faces. I knew deep down they were right, but I would do anything for Samantha. They eventually managed to bring the boat in and get me into the car. They dropped me off at the hospital and I went to see Samantha. The doctor told me she didn't have long, so I went in, and if you could see her then, you'd be astonished by how a woman so sick could look so amazing. I smiled and we talked all night. That was the last time I saw her. I left the hospital around 4 AM, and went home. I got a call that afternoon that she had passed away in her sleep. Maybe if I had just found the man in the red striped shirt I could've saved her. Maybe. I guess we'll never know. Where are you, Waldo? I needed you and you weren't there. Where were you? It's a question I ask even now. Where was he when I needed him most? Where is he now? Where is the man in the red striped shirt? Where's Waldo?